Don't talk about it, you can go back and think it through, and then come to Xiaobai.
Sit down
Xiaotong, Liu Ying's case in the past two days, hurry up and urge it.
The materials were handed in quickly, but Liu Ying delayed the matter by herself. It's not easy for me to urge it, right?
Why did you fire me?
Because of the right
You're just an intern
Xiaotong, please inform those directors. I will talk to you after the meeting. Tang Lu, did I do something wrong?
Remember to print the materials.
score more
I'll use it later. Um, okay, I know my feet aren't ready yet. Tang Lu, I don't want to talk to you if you do this.
Well, why don't I go to print with you? I'm afraid you can't take it. Well, let's go.
Tang Jian, I went to find the director's theory, Xiao Tang
Are you all right?
Foot pain means you need to go to the hospital
If you are not obedient, look at how your feet are swollen
It will be fine in two days.
What's good?
You should be resting at home.
Scare away what?
How about that Tang Lu?
Please be busy first, I will cancel the printing materials.
Change it to afternoon.
OK, then I'll notify now.
I'd better take you to the hospital
I want to say a few words to you, don't say I don't want to hear it, I have to say it
Otherwise I won't go there. What's the matter with you?
The feet are yours and not mine, so I don't care. If they are broken, they will be broken. If they are broken, they will be broken.
Go to the office first
What's wrong with Brother Gang hurting you? They must be in trouble.